# Macleans Pop-Up Restaraunt
This is a pop-up restaurant website for a school website assessment as a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) and styled with [SCSS](https://sass-lang.com/).

## Getting Started
Note: To run the website, [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v16 or higher must be installed. The [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) package manager must also be installed (run `npm i yarn -g` to install yarn globally).

1) Install the required packages with `yarn add`
2) Run `npm run dev` or `yarn dev`
3) Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) on your browser to see the result

## Layout
* .vscode - Contains configuration JSON files for the Visual Studio Code editor
* components - Files for Next.js custom components
* lib - Contains useful files such as types, scripts, stylesheets etc
* node_modudles - Folder for packages
* pages - Folder for page files
* public - Contains assets such as images, fonts etc
* styles - Contains the SCSS stylesheets
* .editorconfig - Editor configuration file
* .eslintrc.json - ESLint configuration file
* .gitignore - Files to ignore when pushing commits
* next-env.d.ts - Next typings file
* next.config.js - Next.js profile configuration file
* package.json - Node module file
* tsconfig.json - TypeScript compiler options
* yarn.lock - File autogenerated by the yarn package manager

## Website Brief - Pop-Up Restaurant
Macleans College hospitality students needed an authentic setting to practice their culinary skills. What better way than a pop up restaurant. They would like a website that will enable them to promote this event and allow staff and students to know more about this and make bookings at this pop up restaurant. They have asked the 11DDT students to make a website proposal - pop up restaurant for their consideration and adoption. 

#### Details
Once a term, they turn the Macleans College staff room into a pop-up restaurant, providing you with a warm and inviting atmosphere, delicious food and stunning views of the Waitemata Harbour. Not only can you enjoy a memorable evening with your family and friends, but you will also be participating in the training of our students.
The students will prepare and cook a three-course meal from a selected menu, designed by them, around a theme they choose themselves. Each course features several options so that each guest can have their own experience! The theme of the menu will change for every pop up. 
Students spend a day preparing their dishes and in the evening split into a kitchen team and a front of house team.
A big part of the pop-up restaurant is educating the students about every aspect of running a busy restaurant from preparing the ingredients to serving their diners.
As well as learning many practical skills such as portioning food, filleting, sauce making and plate presentation, there will be a focus around teamwork. 
A  'by students, for students' culinary experience that you definitely want a seat to. 
Know that the food may take a bit longer than usual to prepare. The fare ranges from decent enough to restaurant quality, and any profit made is donated to World Vision New Zealand.
Come on in and dine with us! 
Book a reservation.

#### Menu - Kiwiana theme
*Entree*
 * Corn fritter stack  - $9
Sweetcorn fritters served with coriander, cherry tomato relish & soft poached egg
 * Garlic lemon scallops - $12
Pan seared scallops served with garlic and lemon butter sauce
 * Crunchy maple baked kumara wedges - $8
Oven-baked kumara wedges that are sticky, sweet, salty, crunchy and soft all at the same time. Served with an aioli dipping sauce

*Main*
 * Kiwi lamb cutlets - $16
A delicious crunch to these cutlets, using oregano and paprika. Drizzled with a tart lemon vinaigrette and served with a side of baby potatoes and leafy greens.
 * Scotch fillet - $15
Angus scotch fillet steak served with sauce and garden vegetables.
 * Fish & chips - $14
Beer battered fresh NZ snapper served with fries and a side of kiwi coleslaw

*Dessert*
 * Mini pavlova - $8
Baked meringue with whipped cream and sliced fresh fruit
 * Hokey pokey ice cream - $7
Hokey pokey ice cream with hokey pokey toffee and hot toffee sauce
 * Kiwifruit cheesecake - $9
Kiwi inspired layered dessert cake

*Beverages*
 * Wine				BYO
 * L&P				$1
 * Freshing brewed Tea	$2.5
 * Espresso Coffee		$2.5